---
title: A quick rant about windows 11
draft: false
---
We all agree Windows 11 is hot garbage right?

I don't actually have experience with Windows 11 (I switched to Linux around June 2020) but I have not heard a single good thing about it. So let's just accept this, Windows 11 is hot garbage.

But discontinuing WIndows 10 isn't an evil ploy by Microsoft, it's so goddamn normal.

Hey guys? Remember when they stopped supporting Windows 8 in 2018? Remember when Windows 7 stopped getting updates in 2015? Vista in 2012? Fucking XP in 2009? This is always how Windows has worked, at some point they stop paying people to patch windows & if you don't want to upgrade from 10/XP, you stay on that latest verion, the only difference is that 11 is trash! It's not unethical to stop supporting software with patches & security updates released a decade ago.

Well, surely things are different in FOSS, right? Linux would nev-

Wrong! Linux distro major releases also phase out support for their older releases! 

I'm gonna look at Ubuntu as an example because...okay I only know like 3 non-rolling release distros & all of them are Ubuntu, sue me. Regardless, 14.04 (Trusty Tahr) released in 2014 & stopped getting standard security updates in 2019 ^[We're comparing Standard Support to Window's Standard support because I'm tired from finals.] 16.04 => 2016-2021, 18.04 => 2018-2013, 20.04 => 2020-2025, &c!

Look, I hate Microsoft & wouldn't mind a forcful dismantling of the company, but operating systems have lifecycles. Windows 10 not being *actively updated* at some point isn't an evil ploy to drive people to Windows 11, it was an eventuality that was coming no matter what. The actual evil is that the next operating system they made was Windows 11.
