---
title: Homestuck and me
layout: blog.njk
	summery: I talk at length about Homestuck and my relationship with it for it's anniversary.
---
Happy 413!!!!!

Now, it may not come as a shock that I'm doing 4/13 things&mdash;considering that all of the content I've posted on this site has been homestuck  related and its wallpaper is a Derse Dreamer wallpaper recolor&mdash;but I am nothing if not incredibly predictable.

My relationship with Homestuck goes back years, all the way back to...2018.

Yeah, I hopped on the bandwagon 2 years after it ended, but I still loved it. I think I made three cosplays in quick succession that year: Nepeta, Dave, and Brobot. I was having a blast.

I also went to a 4/13 part that year at a friend's house and brought my younger sibling. We baked a Betty Crocker cake with Gushers in it, and consequently learned that those are harder to get your hands on in California than we expected.

I joined a few discord servers that were homestuck oriented. Three to be exact, only one of which I had what could be considered a positive experience. Now, I'm not naming names&mdash;both because I don't remember and because putting people on blast is the opposite of what I enjoy doing&mdash;but one of the servers I joined was miserable to be a part of. There was bullying, name calling, and the like everywhere. And even worse than their ruining of my mental health, they had wrong Vriska opinions!

I kid, but at the time I really considered that the worst of their problems.

I left those servers early 2019, just in time for the hell that was the 10th year anniversary.

The epilogues suck, I'm not going to get into why they suck here but they were a mess and a slog to get through. I never finished meat. I just read Candy on a road trip to Sacramento, California. They killed my interest in Homestuck for a while.

I was casually interested in homestuck from then on, the most you could tell of my allegiance was my username "sapphireBassist" and even that got left behiend in mid 2020 as I swapped to Ryuiro Kitsune because I got really into Vtubers.

In 2022, I wasn't into Homestuck anymore, but one notable thing happened that I only learned the significance of later. I moved to Cedar Rapids, Iowa. 

Cedar Rapids is in stones throwing distence to Iowa City. This is important because in the Author Notes for Homestuck, Andrew Hussie said that he made a zine in Iowa city. This means at some point in the past he lived there.

Oh and also I have actual access to Faygo and Gushers. So that's cool.

Anyways, that December I finally got the <a href="https://bambosh.dev/unofficial-homestuck-collection/">Unofficial Homestuck Collection</a> on my Arch based Laptop. I reread it over winter break and I fell in love with it all over again. I was back baby!

But now, I had experience writing fanfiction and was a creative writing major.

Of course, as you may know, my work ethic and time management abilities are not such that I can write a shit tonne of fanfiction. Oh well, I do what I can.

But regardless, happy 4/13! And to those of you who stuck with me on this rambling and shallow dive into my history with this beautiful beautiful fandom.

&mdash;Celadon Camellia; Seer of Time

